Adding Abdul Majid (#21)
BaseMax/NextCommunity: _networks/majidabdulred.md

---
layout: network
permalink: /network/majidabdulred/
name: Abdul Majid
github: majidabdulred
website: https://abdulmajid.home.blog/
email: abdulmajidred@gmail.com
country: India
location: Basti/Uttar_Pradesh
role: Bot Developer
languages: python html5 css js c
---

> A freelacer and pythonista .I love everthing thats in python. My skills are Web scrapping , Discord bot development , Api integration and automation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A freelancer and Pythonista. I love everything that's in Python. My skills are web scraping, Discord bot development, API integration and automation. 
```

> A freelancer and Pythonista. I love everything that's in Python. My skills are web scraping, Discord bot development, API integration and automation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A freelancer and Pythonista. I love everything that's in Python. My skills are web scraping, Discord bot development, API integration and automation.
```
